:memo: updated welcome page (#1)
writechoiceorg/terrateam: docs/src/content/docs/index.mdx

template: doc
hero:
  title: Welcome to Terrateam
  tagline: GitOps CI/CD for Terraform and OpenTofu that accelerates infrastructure delivery.
  image:
    file: ../../assets/logo.png
  actions:
    - text: Quickstart guide
      link: /quickstart-guide
      variant: primary
    - text: Core Concepts
      link: /getting-started/concepts
      variant: secondary
---

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { LinkCard, CardGrid, Card } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

> ## What is Terrateam?

Reviewer: Use bullet points or cards instead of a single text block to improve readability.

> Terrateam is a GitOps CI/CD platform for Terraform and OpenTofu that integrates with GitHub, enabling teams to manage infrastructure changes through pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terrateam is a GitOps CI/CD platform for Terraform and OpenTofu that integrates with GitHub. It enables teams to manage infrastructure changes through pull requests.
```

<CardGrid>
	<Card title="GitHub-Native" icon="github">

> 		Built as a GitHub app and Action for seamless integration with your repos.

Reviewer: Terrateam is built as a GitHub app and Action, ensuring seamless integration with your repositories.

> 		Built as a GitHub app and Action for seamless integration with your repos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Built as a GitHub app and Action for seamless integration with your repos.
```

> 		Built as a GitHub app and Action for seamless integration with your repos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Terrateam is built as a GitHub app and Action, ensuring seamless integration with your repositories.
```

        <LinkCard title="Installation" href="/quickstart-guide" />
	</Card>
	<Card title="GitOps Workflow" icon="rocket">

> 		Manage infrastructure via pull requests with automated plans and controlled applies.

Reviewer: Manage infrastructure through pull requests, using automated plans and controlled applies.

> 		Manage infrastructure via pull requests with automated plans and controlled applies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Manage infrastructure through pull requests, using automated plans and controlled applies.
```

	</Card>
	<Card title="Resource Coordination" icon="seti:lock">
		Smart locking prevents conflicts when multiple team members work simultaneously.
        <LinkCard title="Locks" href="/advanced-workflows/locks-and-concurrency" />
	</Card>
	<Card title="Access Control" icon="error">
		Fine-grained policies determine who can perform specific infrastructure operations.
        <LinkCard title="RBAC" href="/security-and-compliance/role-based-access-control" />
	</Card>
	<Card title="Custom Workflows" icon="puzzle">
		Automate processes like post-apply notifications tailored to your team's needs.
        <LinkCard title="Custom Workflows" href="/configuration-reference/workflows" />
	</Card>
	<Card title="Multi-Environment" icon="star">
		Consistently manage development, staging, and production environments.
        <LinkCard title="Environments" href="/advanced-workflows/multiple-environments" />
	</Card>
	<Card title="Policy Enforcement" icon="document">
		Integrate OPA Conftest to ensure compliance with best practices.
        <LinkCard title="OPA Integration" href="/security-and-compliance/policy-enforcement-with-opa" />
	</Card>
</CardGrid>

> ## How Terrateam Works

Reviewer: Before outlining the steps, include a one-sentence summary describing the process's purpose. This can help establish expectations before delving into the specifics.

Terrateam brings GitOps principles to Terraform workflows, making infrastructure changes visible, reviewable, and safe.

<Steps>
1. **Create a Pull Request with Terraform Changes**

   When you create a pull request containing Terraform code changes, Terrateam automatically detects the modifications.
   
   ![Terrateam pull request](../../assets/nibbler-pull-request.png)

2. **Automatic Plan Operation**

   Terrateam automatically runs `terraform plan` and comments the results directly in your pull request, allowing team members to review the proposed changes.
   
   ![Terrateam plan](../../assets/nibbler-terrateam-plan.png)

3. **Apply When Ready**

   You can apply changes either before merging (to validate) or after merging (for production deployment), all through simple GitHub comments.
   
   ![Terrateam Apply](../../assets/nibbler-terrateam-apply.png)

</Steps>
<LinkCard title="Learn more about workflows" href="/getting-started/pull-requests-and-triggers" />

> ## Why Choose Terrateam?

Reviewer: Convert to a structured bullet list to improve clarity.

<CardGrid>
  <Card title="Team Collaboration" icon="approve-check">
    Review infrastructure changes with intelligent locking to prevent conflicts.
    <LinkCard title="Collaboration Features" href="/advanced-workflows/locks-and-concurrency" />
  </Card>
  
  <Card title="Enhanced Security" icon="seti:lock">

>     Fine-grained access controls, policy enforcement, and OIDC authentication.

Reviewer: "Fine-grained" is repeated three times on the page. Try to use synonyms when possible.

    <LinkCard title="Access Control" href="/security-and-compliance/role-based-access-control" />
  </Card>
  
  <Card title="Ready-to-Use" icon="laptop">

>     Skip building custom pipelines. Terrateam handles plan storage, locks, drift detection, and more.

Reviewer: Avoid building custom pipelines—Terrateam manages plan storage, locks, drift detection, and more.

>     Skip building custom pipelines. Terrateam handles plan storage, locks, drift detection, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Avoid building custom pipelines—Terrateam manages plan storage, locks, drift detection, and more.
```

    <LinkCard title="Drift Detection" href="/advanced-workflows/drift-detection" />
  </Card>
  
  <Card title="Multi-Environment" icon="star">
    Manage dev, staging, and production with consistent workflows.
    <LinkCard title="Configuration" href="/configuration-reference" />
  </Card>
</CardGrid>

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer: The steps are unclear. Add short explanations for each step to help first-time users understand what each step accomplishes.

<Steps>
1. **Install**

   Add the Terrateam GitHub app to your repository.
   
   <LinkCard title="Installation Guide" href="/quickstart-guide" />

2. **Configure**

   Create a `.terrateam/config.yml` file in your repository.
   
   <LinkCard title="Configuration" href="/getting-started/configuration" />

3. **Connect Cloud**

   Set up secure OIDC authentication with your providers.
   
   <LinkCard title="Cloud Setup" href="/cloud-providers" />
</Steps>

> ## Next Steps

Reviewer: The "Next Steps" section could include a brief sentence to guide users according to their needs.
